fetch oAuth2 credentials for communication with cerebro
Returns a formatted discovery url
add a new url to the site_user pool
get the response for a url
Calls search API for facets. On failure reloads discovery api
Validate email
create user
Sets additional context variables based on user agent.
Sets is_mobile to false if user-agent is desktop.
Sets additional context variables for our custom locale/region requirements.
Gets our custom locale code from the language code in the request to pass to the front end.
Tests the user's location via the country code header provided by GAE and the locale code. Provides a boolean value for front end to determine whether or not to display the butter bar.
Checks if a country is within a user's requested locale, and whether that country exists within our country/locale whitelist dictionary.
Intercepts custom i18n language codes to render translated pages. We do not look at headers since that doesn't meet the site requirements.
Sets the language based on our custom codes.
Prefetch relations and add to context:
This will still have 1 query per page to get 'specific'
Custom Document model. Extends default Wagtail Document by adding: - alt text field
Property to get documents alt text
Receive the pre_delete signal and delete the file associated with the model instance.
Overrides get_rendition to catch IOError thrown by PIL 1.1.7 (the latest available on App Engine) when saving larger images with optimize=True, progressive=True, as wagtail does starting in v1.7.
Property for returning latest leaderboards use in a template.
Display name to be rendered in the article template for the end user.
Captures the content of the block to a variable within the template which can then be tested for existence.
Creates a tag to easily use responsive images with srcsets in templates.
Sets the site for our custom path'd i18n content
Related Content with Chooser for detail pages
Captures the "locale" after the /intl pattern and then matches the rest of the string to pass to the serve function to build custom URLs for our own i18n patterns.
Customizes the TinyMCE Rich text area to have fewer features.
Utility for scrubbing index.html from path or add a trailing slash to paths
Overwrites the default save with the following changes: - Sets email as username
Django user model backend used for authorization only. Authentication is disabled.
Utility for retrieving the bucket name for Google Cloud Storage, either from settings or the default app bucket.
Google Cloud Storage backend based on djangae:
Set the session expiry according to settings
A decorator for allowing class methods to be used as properties.
Finds the location of the GAE SDK. Assumes `dev_appserver.py` is on your PATH - SDK installers set this up. Will fail if called within running dev_appserver due to stubs and os mocks from the sdk.
Adds the GAE SDK to the path if not already set.
Utility for checking if running in django tests.
Utility for checking if running on local dev server accounts for both GAE and django dev servers
Checks if local or author node. Set LOCAL_PUBLISH to run a publish node.
Returns a host name based on project, app engine instance, then default.
Checks if GAE sdk/stubs are loaded and not just added to the path.
Returns the application configuration, creating it if necessary (for local development).
WSGI config for quicksilver project.
It exposes the WSGI callable as a module-level variable named ``application``.